go to Christmas parties and stuff.
Actually, we went to a Christmas party last week.
Yeah, we're in Moody Cow.
And yeah, it was a Mencap Christmas party.
It was quite fun, actually.
In parties, we just pull crackers, have a chat,
and there's a disco at the end.
Have food.
Turkey.
Christmas dinner, yeah.
Every year, yeah.
One with the Gateway Club,
which I'm a member of as well.
And that's in the football club.
Yeah, I've been going there a few years.
There's loads of activities going on.
We used to go out on tricks, but we don't as much now.
All our activities really are in the football club now.
It's in Aberystwyth.
It's quite a few of us.
They're all friends of mine.
No, they're all friends.
A couple of years ago, we had Gateway's Got Talent,
where we used to tell jokes, mainly me.
People singing.
I was living back in Cwmrydol anyway.
So did you go back because of the pandemic then?
Yeah.
Ah, you went to be with your family.
My family, yeah.
For me, it's fine going to parents
for a couple of weeks or something,
but I couldn't really talk with it for that long.
Yeah, it was hard, yeah.
The whole COVID time was a Mencap quiz,
but I didn't get involved in that much.
What was it then?
I'm not really, it was on Zoom or something.
I'm hopeless on Zoom, we'll be honest.
Yeah, and do they not use computers?
No.
Got by strange, yeah.
It was strange at first to come back,
but it was good.
There used to be a guy called Colin Hunt.
I was the Gateway boss, I guess, at the time,
but he's retired now.
The only trip we've been to since is
Wiltshire Safari Park.
But when Colin was with us,
we used to go to what's the state,
it's Crow in Cardiff.
We used to go a few years.
We went on loads of trips,
group of us all together.
I'm an occasional radio presenter as well,
with radio broadcasts.
Well, at the moment, it's just once a week,
because it's just on a Saturday at the moment.
For that, I used to do stuff for the Radio,
I answered the phones for Radio Carradighian as well.
We used to do a program called Isn't Life Fun?
And which was interviews and music
and well, me doing sport really.
But I think that was stopped because of the,
I think it was because of the pandemic.
We haven't gone back to it since.
Now I do help out in the presenting stuff.
Done actually,
interviewing as well.
To be honest, I never did when I was in Radio Carradighian.
So that's, it was a different thing for me that, but.
Yeah, very little, really.
So they made it accessible, did they?
Yeah.
And you opened it?
I opened it.
What was that like?
Oh, that was amazing.
That was good, yeah, actually.
It was amazing.
What would you want people to understand about your life?
I suppose the difficulty,
because it sometimes is, of a disabled person.
Is Aberystwyth quite accessible or not?
It's not great, no, but yeah,
there's pavements, it's not great, yeah.
It's getting better, don't get me wrong, but yeah,
still a few challenges, I guess.
I love being in my cap.
Yeah, we do loads of activities and stuff, yeah.
And do you speak Welsh?
Yes, first language.
And do any of the staff speak Welsh here?
Not at the moment, no.
And what about in the gateway?
Most speak English, well, pretty much,
they all do speak English.
And in the day centre, do the staff speak Welsh at all?
No, no.
Do you have many friends who speak Welsh?
No.
There's a couple here in Aber,
but Jan's first language as well.
So you speak Welsh to her?
Yes.
As I say, I'm okay with Welsh or English, I don't mind.